So moving around infrastructure is kind of tedious, I will admit, but cleaning up your code is part
of the process of getting a better and better code, base and end product in the end.
And structuring your app for scale is where you have to make decisions like this, because refactoring
is inherently a part of removing technical debt and it's a skill that you need to get good at.
Leaving everything in place just makes things more difficult in the long run for extensibility, maintenance
and all those things.
So I have a philosophy that's Marie Kondo, your code base.
Make sure that you always put things in the proper place.
And that also means that we need to restructure things at times.
Now, the way that I went about restructuring my code is I created an index in the navigation infrastructure
folder and I created a wrapper called navigation.
I did this because I feel like navigation is this holistic concept that may have different decisions
that need to be made.
Right now we have a Tab Navigator that is our core app navigator.
But at some point we may want to, based on certain decisions through a different navigation model when
the app boots up or and then show the tab navigation once you go through that, for instance, for authentication
purposes or other purposes.
So it's important to leave yourself open with the ability to extend.
So the App Navigator is the main navigator that we work with.
And here what I did is I basically just moved over all of our imports, renamed some of the imports
and left everything intact, as is.
And in the App Store, you'll see that now it's just rendering navigation.
So the main purpose of me restructuring the code in this way is that when we look at this tree, what
we want to achieve is a quick overview.
When you go to the index file of your app, when you go to the index file of any app, you want to have
a quick overview of what's going on and where can I look deeper.
And so here we're achieving that.
We know that, hey, we have a theme provider, so we're providing a theme to the entire app.
We have a location context provider.
So somewhere in the app location is an important concept.
And then we're wrapping the entirety of the app with the restaurant context, because at the end of
the day, it is a restaurant app.
And so we're trying to allow every aspect of the application to have access to those restaurants.
Right now, the only aspects of the app are the TAB navigation, which needs access to the entire restaurant
context provider.
Now, if we extend the app with multiple functionalities and multiple functionalities, we may take
this restaurant context provider and put it deeper nested inside of navigation in order to achieve a
better access point for restaurant context.
And this is because while maybe at a certain point the whole app doesn't need access to the restaurant
complex and maybe at a certain point it doesn't need access to the location, it's one of those things
where you have to play around with it.
But right now, our app is in a state where the whole app requires both of these contexts.
So it makes sense, make the right decisions for the right point at the right scale.
OK, so with that being said, we have our navigation here.
And what we need to do now is we need to create a specific navigator for our restaurant screen.
So let's go look at how we'll do that.